Proposal to only generate OmniBOR when OMNIBOR_DIR specified. (#35)
omnibor/spec: SPEC-annex-A-filesystem-storage.md

> OMNIBOR_DIR should be set in order of precedence by:

Author: ```suggestion
OMNIBOR_DIR should be set by one of:
```

> OMNIBOR_DIR should be set in order of precedence by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OMNIBOR_DIR may be set by the following methods, listed in order of precedence:
```

1.  A non-empty env variable named OMNIBOR_DIR

> 2.  A build tool specific flag

Author: 1. A build tool specific flag
2. A non-empty env variable named OMNIBOR_DIR

> - The absense of specification of an OMNIBOR_DIR should be taken as a signal to skip OmniBOR generation.

Reviewer 2: *absence

> - The absence of specification of an OMNIBOR_DIR should be taken as a signal to skip OmniBOR generation.

Author: ```suggestion
The absence of specification of a location to write omnibor data via either the OMNIBOR_DIR or the build tool specific flag  should be taken as a signal to skip OmniBOR generation.
```
